Machine learning (ML) is nothing but meachine or computer will learn from data, by observing the patterns, machine will predict 
what is coming next.
What it seperates from the regular programming is that, in regular programming explicitely human has to everything
from planning to execution. In regular programming there are only several commands and languages which computer understands,
we have to tell in that language and it understands. But in ML, this barrier is removed, you dont have to speak in the language which
computer understands, plain english is enough, from the plain english it will understands draw the conclusions from the data, it
will present it you, in human understadable language.

In regualr day to day life, suppose you are watching netflix, from the past serveral months you are watching movies and that is
recorded by machine, what it will do with that data is, it will do the analysis, like which languare are watching, which genre you
are watching more, what is the length of movie you usually wathc etc... it will do the analysis and it will recommend the such 
movies in your feed. this is called Machine Learning means machine is learning from the data and predicting what is most occurance
next.

While developement also the machine will be trained on certain type of data. training is nothing the sample data is collected first
in which model will be tained or machine first learn from that data. and the data we are feeding can be supervise or unsupervised.
the difference between this is, in supervised learning the will be in numbers, but in unsupervised learning the data will be in any
form in can be in images, documents, pdfs etc.

while training the data we will split the data into two types, trained vs test data, in training data, we will give certain type of 
data and in test data will give the different which is related to same test data to see how the model performs.
it can be seen as studying vs exam analogy, in studying, there are total 10 chapters, but you considered only 3chapters and learned
and you are in a thinking that you good enough to pass the exam, but in exam the questions came from other 7 chapters which you did
not sutdy so you will fail, in the same way, the model has to be trained on the data which has to be sufficient enough the answer
the data, so the model wont fail in the testing data.

There is term called over fitting, what it means is that when you are training the model,your model is performing well on the training
data but when it comes to testing data, it fails to answer or it fails the exam, so this is called overfitting, there are certain
techniques which will be used to correct these types of errors.

ML is everywhere now because it has become so powerful that it can work on its own except that human has to evaluate the output
generated from the model. We are the reason for this to happen, because from last 3-5 decades we have fed the good amount data
to the internet, now that data becoming good enough to do the work on its own.

On the current evalutions of LLMs if i see is that using it in correct, legal and accountable way. the technology has to be used
for the good cause, because if i see there is no limitation from this llm evolution except how we are going to use. and the scary
thing for me is what if the usage goes out of our hands and the intellignece becomes more than human intelligence. this is most
scary thing for me.


## Errata
1. Plain English ≠ ML in general (only LLMs)
   Here i have confused between LLM's and natural language interface, Machine learning is nothing but human provides the data
   and machine learns the rules, in traditional programming - human provides the rules and machine executes them.
   Hierarchy :
    Machine learning models trained on the data using python code, math and tensors. based on the tained data machine learns
    the rules.

2. Wrong interpretation of supervised and unsupervised learning.
    Supervised learning is like data will have labels, ex: 1000 emails, each tagged spam/not-spam
    Unsupervised learning - data does not have labels, ex: having 1000 customers data, and grouping them into certain types
                            without telling that group exists.

3. Train/test split
    Here, Train data which is used to test the data, test data is something which can not be seen during the training,
    But when you give the test data, real working behavior of model comes out.

4. Overfitting
    Over fitting means, while you training the model, model remembers/memorizes the training data instead of learning the 
    patterns so when you test with test data, the model fails.
    Real-world analogoy: 
     The student who learns the concept instead of just memorizing answers.
     The student who learns the concepts will the perform well on the exam.
     The student who just memorizes the answers will fail if the new question is asked on the same concept.

5. ML works on its own except human evaluates output
    ML systems require humans in every step like collecting data, labelling, feature engineering, model selection,
    evaluation, deployment, monitoring, retraining. The statement dangeroulsy wrong.


The same essay will be rewritten in week-4